Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Day 57. Well, I guess I stirred the internet up a little bit with the XRP video. My heart is just to help. We hear in part, we see in part.
That is all I can say—whenever the Lord showed me the things he has shown me, clear back in 2017, and I’ve been praying over silver and gold.
I’ve told you this stuff for a long time, and all I know is I feel an urgency in my spirit to warn the body of Christ about what’s coming.
It could be a year from now, it could be six months, it could be in January, but I told you about the dream I had about the copper pot, and I’m going to go over that again today.
I think it’s important for you to know about the copper pot, so I hope this video blesses you.
It was like a normal night; I just went to sleep. It was just a dream, but in this dream, I was standing in a crowd of elderly men and women.
They had gray beards and gray hair. They were elderly—I’m talking Moses-like beards, real long beards.
I don’t know what symbolism means in dreams; I’m not a dream interpreter, so I just go by what the Holy Spirit shows me and I pray over them.
In this dream, there was a circle of people surrounding a person in the middle.
The person in the middle was a man whose face was shaded out, like it was blurry, so I could not see his face.
But this person was completely gold, beautiful translucent gold, and he was speaking to the elders around this circle.
I heard these men and women say, 'This will make us billions for the end-time harvest. This is a genius, amazing idea.
This is brilliant.'I was a younger kid outside the circle and I started jumping up and down because, as the man was speaking, I could not hear him clearly.
I was screaming as loud as I could, 'Please tell me! I want to know what y'all are talking about!'I started trying to reach up on those men's shoulders and pull myself up to be able to hear.
The man with no face, who was completely translucent—this beautiful gold and shining with glory—leaned over and said, 'I have not forgotten you; I will tell you too.'And he spoke the name of a company to me, a crypto.
He spoke this crypto name to me, a company name. I was so excited to go and tell my friends and family whoever I could about this name.
I ran as fast as I could and I grew up a little bit. I was no longer a little child; I became more mature in the dream. I went, and all of a sudden, an angel appeared before me.
This angel had the most beautiful blue sapphire eyes I’ve ever seen, with snow-white skin and beautiful blond-looking hair with fig leaves and stuff in his hair.
He had a white robe on with golden lace and tassels on this garment.
The angel followed me around. I believe it was my angel, but I’m not sure who it was, actually.
I walked up to this house and I could see the beautiful bricks; it was a two-story home with a courtyard. It was gorgeous.
In my front yard, I had an Aston Martin sports car, a beautiful deep blue convertible with nice silver wheels.
There was snow falling outside. I was yelling to people, but they could not hear me.
I was telling people before I went to the car, but they weren't hearing me.
I was like, 'Hello, hello! Do you hear what I’m saying? I’m trying to tell you a name!
I’m trying to tell you what’s coming!'But they could not hear what I was saying.
It was like I was transparent. The angel told me, 'Hush now,'and put his fingers on my lips. He said, 'Hush now. They are not dead to self.
They cannot hear what you're trying to tell them; they don't have ears to hear.'I said, 'But I’ve got to warn them!
I love them! I’ve got to warn them!'He goes, 'I know your heart. Hush now.
They don't hear it.'I ran out to the car and I tried to breathe on the glass with a mist because it was cold outside.
It created a fog on the glass, and I tried to write the name of the thing on the glass. The angel said, 'Hush now, hush now. They can't hear it.
They're not dead to self.'I was frustrated, and the angel said, 'Look at the holly berry bush.'I had these bushes all in my courtyard with berries on them.
He said, 'You will know the time of when this will take place: when the berries on the bush are turning red.
Notice the berries on the bush.'The berries were turning a beautiful red color and the snow was falling.
I ran upstairs and I had a Christmas party going on in my home. I saw the wreaths on the walls.
It was beautiful—a rock home inside, and the fireplace was going with fire burning.
I had a television above the fireplace and the news was on. I was trying to tell everybody in that party, 'Hello!'but they could not see me.
They were all celebrating. They had nice sweaters on and were celebrating that the Iraqi dinar had reinstated.
All of them had great wealth from this reinstatement. Now, this is not financial advice; I’m just telling you a dream.
They were all celebrating the reinstatement of the Iraqi dinar because it went up in value.
They were standing on a beautiful, thick Persian rug, celebrating their now windfall of money. I was trying so hard to talk to them.
My wife was in the kitchen, which was beautiful and white—the cabinets, the countertops, everything.
In fact, it was glowing with glory inside this beautiful kitchen.
She had trays in her hands trying to serve the people with beautiful white china.
She came out with a tray, and at this time, I thought I would try one more time to tell the people.
The angel stood by, and there was a copper pot that had ripples and dents in it.
I tried to write the name of the company again on this copper pot by breathing on it to make a fog.
My wife came out of the kitchen and she said, 'Look! Look at the writing on the copper pot to warn the people!'because she could see it.
Whenever she said that, the TV came on and said, 'Today we had the largest crash we've ever seen of the dollar in history—like a 1929-style crash.'It was so large you could see the Dow; everything was crashing: the dollar, the stock market.
This was a worldwide huge event. The lady that was doing the news broadcast was very perplexed and upset; I could see it on her face.
As the Dow Jones on the ticker was just falling, all of a sudden, everybody in the room that had a windfall with the dinar lost everything.
They were standing on the Persian rug and they lost everything—it’s like the rug was pulled out from underneath them.
They were weeping on the rug. They didn't see what was on the copper pot before it was too late because the copper pot was stable.
What was on the copper pot was a place of refuge. Everything else changed, but the copper pot was the investment that kept everybody safe. But you didn't see it or hear it until you were dead to self.
It was a warning from the Lord about future things that will take place, that you will have to be in sync with him step by step, like a soldier following the voice of the Lord.
You cannot be asleep and alive to self and be able to hear him for what's coming. I heard him back in 2023, but I haven't heard him since.
It takes a steady beat of a drum following the voice of the Lord on a day-to-day basis.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I'm giving more time. What are you going to do with these next four years?
What are you going to do with this harvest?'He said the prayers of my saints, because if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, then he would hear from heaven and heal our land.
He's given us a window, folks. What was going to happen in 2025 has been pushed back because of the prayers of the righteous.
Do we have a window for blessing? I told you we would see a great harvest of finances before we saw a great harvest of souls.
The Lord said, 'I will bring upon my remnant finances to support the churches for what's about to happen.'If you are dead to self and allowing the Holy Spirit to use you on a regular basis—not punching in a time card, but truly loving and needing the Father, reading the Bible, and being real with God—you will hear him on when to invest and when not to invest.
We are in a time that is going to get very dark. There are very sobering days coming. I have been very transparent trying to warn you.
I've kept really positive lately, trying to stay away from 'doom and gloom,'but it's still there.
The Lord said, 'Feed their flame, increase that fire, throw gasoline on it so they're stirred up.'They hear you, but they're not hearing you.
Just like I’m yelling as loud as I can but you don't see it. There are great days of darkness coming, but the body of Christ is going to walk in light.
The enemy still has a plan; he didn't go away just because we have a new president.
We must pray for him and his children. I've seen attempts on their lives.
These people are evil, so we have to pray for a covering over them. Trump loves people; he has a family.
The enemy wants to distract and silence the voice of the one crying in the wilderness. How does he try to derail the agenda?
If he can't get to him through prison or attempts, maybe he targets the ones closest to him.
We have to think—it's like whack-a-mole. We have to hit the enemy before he sticks his head up.
We’ve got to know the plan of the enemy and stop the fires before they start.
We are the head and not the tail, praying from a place of victory.
I’m telling you as a Watchman on the wall, a major storm is coming. A plague is coming. Can we stop it?
No, because the Bible says in the last days there'll be plagues, pestilence, wars, and famines.
But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. When the enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord will raise a standard.
Arise, shine, for the light has come! It’s not for us to shrink back like Chicken Little.
It was dark in Egypt, but it was light in Goshen. What makes us different?
I told you Holy Ghost Woodstocks were going to happen all throughout the world.
People operating in the gifts of the Spirit will be widespread.
I saw football stadiums full of people—the Dallas Cowboys stadium, the San Francisco 49ers stadium—major arenas full of people giving God glory.
They weren't big enough. Texas Motor Speedway had acres of fields with screens and revival taking place, with people in tents just trying to be there.
There is a great move of God this world has never seen before.
The angel armies are being sent to help us bring forth the lost.
But God is going to bring forth great finances to fund this end-time harvest. If God can get it through you, he will get it to you.
But if you're all about yourself—buying five Ferraris and Lamborghinis—God won't use you that way.
It's not bad to have nice things, as long as those things don't have you.
God has the right people in the right place to bring forth finances to spread throughout the world.
It's going to take people with great influence, like Elon Musk, when the glory of the Lord shows off.
First there was a fragrance, then there was fire. Worship is a weapon.
I get excited about what's coming, but I also have apprehension because I know what's coming on the other side.
War is going to increase; it's going to get really ugly in Europe.
You're going to see war escalate in Israel like never before, with Turkey getting involved.
We will see war on our own soil. But the Lord is giving us a reprieve of time to bring a harvest in.
He's going to shake the nations. The finances—people were rejoicing because they had a reinstatement of the dinar.
They had the windfall, but they weren't in step. They were celebrating their victory, but then they lost it because they didn't stay in step with the Father.
This will require you to stay in step on a day-to-day basis. This isn't financial advice; I'm just telling you what I felt the Holy Spirit told me.
I'm an imperfect vessel, so you filter it through the Spirit.
We’re going to pray for you to have ears to hear. Father, I thank you for every person here.
We take authority over demonic distractions. We plead the blood of Jesus over everyone.
We send angels for prosperity. I thank you that we will hear your voice so clearly it’ll be like a pin drop. We’ll hear whispers from you.
I believe for everyone here that you anoint them to bring forth finances, to be the man with the pitcher in his hand to pour out the blessing.
We are not dams that hoard in greed; we are a river that flows.
I thank you for the anointing of the Holy Spirit to prosper and be in health. We thank you that Jesus Christ is coming soon.
I pray for their bodies—that they're healed from cancer, diabetes, heart disease, glaucoma, cataracts, and brain tumors.
I thank you that they are healed from Alzheimer's and dementia.
No depression, no seasonal affective disorder, no anxiety.
We speak to torment in the name of Jesus and command it to be gone from their dreams.
Night terrors, PTSD, and war trauma—we call for healing. We thank you for life more abundantly.
We thank you for that word dwelling on the inside of us like a mighty rushing wind.
We will be the salt of the earth to bring forth a great harvest of souls.
I thank you for drawing us closer to you. Children hear their father, and we will hear you.
We bind the spirit of confusion. Read Ephesians over and over again.
Father, I thank you for Elon Musk—that he is radically born again and his technology is used for the glory of God.
I thank you for President Trump and his family. We put a hedge of protection around his children and grandkids.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper. We thank you that you will expose all darkness, including pedophilia rings.
We will be shocked at who is involved. We thank you for protecting the children. I thank you for this time of acceleration.
We call forth justice in Hollywood, in athletics, in politics, and in the medical arena.
The pharmakia will be exposed. You are a just God, and judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
You shake the darkness and shine the light. I ask for mercy for my children and family.
I thank you for your angels that keep us. I pray over Asia today.
You specifically told me to pray over South Korea, and we call for revival.
We’re wanting to learn which translation is best for our South Korean channel.
If you live there, please help us on our community thread. Father, I thank you for Korea.
Raise up men and women to be bold. We say that the blinders of false religion, like Buddhism, are broken.
This devil is coming under our feet. We call for an exposing of darkness throughout Asia, India, Pakistan, and the Middle East.
There is a great move of the Spirit on these nations. We will walk in demonstrations of glory, setting the captives free.
I thank you for a great harvest of souls in Israel and Egypt. We thank you for the cabinet for President Trump.
We pray for our pastors. We expose adultery and perversions.
I saw people standing on platforms preaching while walking in sin, and they fall over dead.
It’s going to be like Ananias and Sapphira soon. You better repent and get off that platform if you’re walking in that.
I saw judgment starting to happen in churches. I hear this prophetically to warn you.
If you’re preaching and you think you’re covered while committing adultery, you’ll fall over dead just like Ananias and Sapphira.
I’m trying to warn you; I don't want you to go to hell. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord.
This goes through the Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, Assemblies of God—all denominations.
It will be like a house of fire, a Refiner’s Fire, purifying and burning up the chaff.
A great Refiner’s Fire is coming through my churches as of today, says the Lord.
You have nothing to fear if you're under the blood. But if you are practicing sin on purpose, this judgment will come.
No more warnings, no more time. I will protect my beloved sheep from the wolves in sheep’s clothing.
Search us, God, and create in us a clean heart. That was a heavy word.
I feel the weight of it all over my home. We repent before a holy God.
We thank you for the blood of Jesus. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. We take this communion.
You became sickness and disease for us; by your stripes, we are healed.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our flesh. If you've messed up, you take this blood and you apply it.
You confess your sins to an elder and make it right. You can't just bury it, especially in leadership.
We thank you, Father, that you are faithful and just to forgive us. This isn't just for ministers; it's for your house too.
You've been cheating on your wife or husband and you think it's okay?
No more. You're opening the door for the devourer. Don't give the devil an inch.
He is a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. Don't open the door; keep it shut.
If you have a relationship with another woman, cut it off. Expose the darkness; it's not worth your soul.
It's not worth going to hell. Eternity is forever. I hope this video blessed you.
Thank you for your support. We’re starting the Korean channel to spread the gospel in Asia.
God bless you all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you.